---
layout: default
title: 2015 Projects
---

### [GitMe](https://github.com/vivisthebest/GitMe) (Won Best Visual/UX Design!)

#### Made by Viviana Yee, Kyle Holzinger, and Ivan Uvarov

A tool for analyzing your GitHub commits.

### [Outweigh Hemingway](https://github.com/kayliedehart/OutweighHemingway) (Won Least Likely To Make Money!)

#### Made by Kaylie DeHart, Niousha Jafari, Emily Lane, and Alex Hersh. ####

Outweigh Hemingway is a Twitterbot that makes short stories by retweeting
other twitter user's tweets. Pulling together concepts from Natural Language
Processing, OH attempts to create a common thread between strangers on the
internet.

### [AYFS](https://github.com/pranav/ayfs) (Won Most Technically Challenging!)

#### Made by Pranav Gandhi

This is a distributed network filesystem that requires no local disk. All the
files are on the tubes in between computers. Just drop the client on a bunch
of machines in a datacenter and you'll suddenly have lots of extra disk space
since everything is hosted by the network.

### [Hot + Cold](https://github.com/jackfrys/Hot-Cold) (Won Most Fun Idea!)###

#### Made by David Alelyunas, Daniel Cohen, Milo Davis, Jack Frysinger, Charlie Peters, and Zachary Reiter ####

All of us, at one point or another, have been using Google Maps or other
navigation system, and have thought, “This is too easy. It tells me where to
turn, and I know where I’m going. I need more of a challenge!” Well now,
Hot+Cold can fix both of those problems. With Hot+Cold, all you do it pick a
location category, the maximum distance you want to travel, and you’re off!
The app will pick a destination that fits within your category, but won’t tell
you what it is. Depending on which way you walk, you will receive feedback
telling you whether you’re getting hotter or colder. The feedback takes the
form of text that reloads often, so you know from minute to minute if you’re
heading in the right direction. Additionally, the entire screen changes color
from blue to red as you approach your destination. Upon reaching your
destination, you will be notified, and will receive some information about the
location so you know for sure you have arrived. Categories include
restaurants, museums, historical sites, parks, and geocaches. You can select a
distance up to ten miles away from your current location. Not only does this
app defeat the ennui surrounding choosing a place to go, but it gives you a
fun way to get there as well.

### [SnowPea Me](http://snowpea.me) (Won Most Innovative!)
[GitHub Repository](https://github.com/snowpeame/snowpeas)

#### Made by Alex Jolly, James Magnarelli, Anya Tran, and John Martin

Do you have a garden, do you know someone who has a garden? If so you've
probably had an overflow of produce at some time that went to waste. What did
you do? Eat it all by yourself? Foist it upon unwilling neighbors and former
friends? Now there's a better way  What if you could find someone living near
you who wanted to buy your extra produce from you? That's what SnowPea Me is
for. On SnowPea Me you can browse locally for available produce around you,
grown by your neighbors in their own back yards. It's a place where people who
care deeply about organics, sustainability, or diet can come together with
personal and community gardeners in a veggie symbiosis.  If you find yourself
with an abundance of kumquats, why not make some extra money by putting them up
on SnowPea Me?

### [Pointr](https://github.com/klevingluo/BeanPotPointr) (Won Judge's Choice Award!)

#### Made by Nikolai Wotton, Oscar Spencer, Michael Hu, and Kevin Luo

You're walking in an unfamiliar area  when a sudden bout of hunger strikes from
out of the blue. With no restaurants in sight and no knowledge of the
surrounding area...what are you to do?

Enter Pointr.

Pointr is a compass-like navigation application for Android wearables. Using
Yelp Search API, Pointr locates several nearby eateries in the user's vicinity
and delegates arrows that each point to a vendor's location. The restaurant that
is most directly in front of the customer has information about its distance,
Yelp rating, and reviews displayed.

Users are given the ability to focus on a specfic location that piques their
interest, locking the focused location as the set destination.

Pointr aims not only to save people from dire situations, but to also encourage
users to seek out new dining experiences. By offering users multiple easily
accessible dining options, and plenty of informative Yelp reviews, users will
find themselves trying out new places to eat more often while using this app on
the go.


### [AttentionPassengers](https://github.com/golf1052/Attention_Passengers/)

#### Made by Andrew Knueven,  Sanders Lauture, and Tevin Otieno

We made a text-based MBTA routing and alerts system! One can text the name of a
station and their intended direction (inbound/outbound) to a Twilio number we
have set up and receive back the next few departures for that station. It will
also be possible to send two stations (start/destination) and receive the above
information plus the time it will take to reach the destination. If there are
transfers to other lines, the text will contain the estimated time to reach the
transfer station and the next few departures within a certain time frame of
that ETA. Finally, we are working on setting up pre-defined 'favorites' using
Parse. Texting a single word (i.e. 'work') will send back a route that the
user defines and assigns to that keyword. It will also be possible (maybe by
demo time?) to set a time (for the work example, say, 8:15) and receive the
route information/service alerts at that time every (week)day. The responses
will be humorous, of course (i.e. delays will be accompanied by a picture of a
train on fire). FYI - the above public Github repo is empty at the moment, we
need to remove all our API keys before moving our code out of our private repo.

### [Badger Badger](https://github.com/jregenstein/BadgerBadgerAndroid)

[(and here)](https://github.com/misingnoglic/badger_server)

#### Made by Arya Boudaie, Sofiya Semenova, Jacob Regenstein, Kiana Khozein, and Seth Rait ####

BadgerBadger is the perfect app for any impulsive adventurer. Our users create
a profile in which they select their categories of interests. BadgerBadger
then creates a "quest" based on these interests and the user's location. The
user completes each quest by receiving badges when they visit each location in the quest. In map view, they can sort available quests by location and
interest.

### Bettor
#### Made by Arjun Balaji, Luke Van Seters, and Eric Yu

Bettor facilitates the exchange of currency based donations assigned for
completing skill based tasks. It is written in the most ridiculous mobile app
stack ever. Go on the back end as an API and AngularJS with CoffeeScript on the
front end using Ionic webviews. In short, Bettor aims to disrupt the
philanthropic markets.

### [Blurber](http://blurber.herokuapp.com)

#### Made by Julia Ebert, Mustafa Çamurcu, and Shreyas Mahimkar

Amazon sells millions of different books, each of which comes with a blurb. We
pulled together thousands of books from these vast depths and analyzed their
contents, all to save you the trouble of having to read all those books (or
even all those blurbs) yourself. We used Markov chains to generate predictions
of what words will come next in a sequence. String these predictions together
and you come up with something surprisingly coherent and usually humorous.  A
few of our personal favorite blurbs created by Blurber include: "Windows 8.1
For the White Girls" "A History of the US Military", by Anne Frank "Drums of
True Love, Drums of Winter" "... a budding relationship between the very gates
of Venice and every variety of arranged marriage; Cassie is teeming with really
expensive clothes."

### [BuzzR](https://github.com/arbass22/BuzzerApplication)

#### Made by Andrew Bass, Justin Kennedy, and Neal Merkl

BuzzR is an iOS application which aims to replace the pagers distributed at
crowded restaurants and streamline the process of waiting for a table at any
restaurant. It is geared towards both customers and restaurants. Customers will
utilize BuzzR to quickly and conveniently reserve a spot on the wait-list and
be notified when their table is ready. Restaurants will use a dashboard to
efficiently manage the flow of people and save money from not having to
replace/repair more pagers.

### [CertainT](https://github.com/tomxhu/CertainT)

#### Made by Tommy Hu and Pragathi Sanshi

How many times have you just gotten to the subway station and had to rush
through the gates and down the stairs only to be left in the dust as the train
roars away? What about unexpected delays you never saw coming from the
fabulous weather we've been having recently? Fear no more! Our mobile app will
detect your location, detect the closest subway station and tell you exactly
how much time you have to make it to the next train in real time. Our target
market consists of time-crunched T commuters who want to never feel the
abandoning feeling of a just-missed train or want to minimize waiting time at
the station.

### [Co-Pilot](https://github.com/durward/Co-Pilot)

#### Made by Tom Hay, Jackie Ali, Benji Smith, and Durward Benham

Have you ever found yourself in a conversation and not known what to say? Do
you send screenshots of texts to your friends in a desperate plea for advice?
Our app is for you! Co-pilot is an Android app which allows you to discreetly
receive advice from a friend to help you in difficult texting situations. On
one simple screen you can see your friends advice and your conversation, while
giving updates to your friend in real time. From giving bad news to flirting
with the object of your affection, co-pilot will get you through it.

###[Dolfin](http://dolfin.io/)

#### Made by Nathan Goodman, Jesse Oberstien, and Kate Hutchinson

Dolfin is a casual learning application. It allows lazy people to learn awesome
things sparing hardly any time and absolutely no money. If you wanna see our
whole spiel, please visit our [About](http://dolfin.io/about.html) page.

###[Fib](https://github.com/vijaypemmaraju/Fib)

#### Made by Anne Catherine Feldman, Vijay Pemmaraju, Jake Bernstein, and James Yanyuk

Fib is an interpersonal trivia mobile game that puts your friendships to the
test. It provides a fast, fun way to satisfy both peoples' fascination with
talking about themselves and their nosiness about their friends.The app allows
users to connect with their Facebook friends with a mobile version of two
truths and a lie, whereby users provide two true statements and one lie about
themselves and challenge others to pick the fib.

### [FrankenPokemon](http://www.frankenpokemon.me)

#### Made by Anthony Chan, Cosimo Leone, Anh Bui, Ana Cunha, and Sarah Laplante

Create new exiting and/or horrifying pokemon!!

### [FriendCast](http://friendcast.io)

#### Made by Danny Wolf, Chris Gullo, and Lili Dumoulin

FriendCast is an application which stands as a beacon of hope for the crippling
social dilemma that plagues modern society: wanting to hang out with people but
not enough to put in the effort of seeking them out directly. By authenticating
through Facebook, a person can make plans without the hassle of actually having
to make plans. At the touch of a button, the user can view all their equally
bored and available friends, and subsequently enjoy the social interaction they
crave without having to subjugate themselves to the shame of text-spamming
everyone in their contacts. The more bored friends join, the more other bored
people can contact them, and the less bored they all become. FriendCast is, in
its essence, inbound marketing for friends.

### [FreeBSD Telnet Remote Root Exploit](http://toffee.poppopret.org:8000/telnet.py)

#### Made by Michael Coppola

Remotely exploits a pre-auth buffer overflow vulnerability in an old version
of telnetd on FreeBSD, resulting in root access.

### [Jamr](https://github.com/Setsun/MusicJamX)

#### Made by Sean Luo, Ryan Fischler, Tommy Nguyen, Arif Topcu, Calvin Mei, and Ben Vachon

Jamr is the that enhances a musician's ability to collaborate. Users can swipe
right to connect or left to pass after hearing a sample of other users' music
to indicate whether they have an interest in making some music. Jamr strives to
build back musical communities from the past. Even better is that when two
users who have liked each other also have a mutually liked user, Jamr will
suggest a group "Jam" between those people. This goes on for larger groups as
well! Come and join the revolution!

### [Mamma's Boy](https://github.com/dmoreh/alarm)

#### Made by Daniel Moreh, and Dick Fickling

Daniel misses his momma. We turned a Raspberry Pi into a web-enabled alarm
clock so Daniel's momma can leave him voice messages to wake up to. Other
people can leave messages, too.

### [MEVA](https://github.com/jgramm/MEVAcross)

#### Made by James Grammatikos

Metabolite profiling is a biological technique that involves quantifying the
concentrations of metabolites (byproducts of metabolism in the body, eg sugars
and amino acids). In the past, analysis was done by looking at individual
metabolites and examining the effects of disease on those concentrations. My
past research at the Broad Institute involved examining effects of disease on
metabolic pathways, groups of predefined metabolic interaction. These pathways
form networks with metabolites as nodes and chemical reactions as edges. My
current goal is to develop an algorithm and visualization that analyzes
interactions BETWEEN pathways, to aid in exploratory research.

### [PlayThis](https://github.com/iamnotamit/PlayThis)

#### Made by Amit Patel and Lynn Samson

PlayThis is essentially a DJ application that lets anyone vote for their favorite songs to be played next by the application. The song with the most votes gets played the soonest. This application is perfect for parties and social events where guests can easily give their input as to what should be played next!

### [Screwd](https://github.com/brekru212/How)

#### Made by Brett Krutiansky and Jacob Brandt

It has a list of many phobias, and give your current location it will show you
nearby pings off google that have to do with those phobias. It is to show truly
scary the world we live in is. And that our world is about finding all the
happiness through the bleak and dreary.

### [Sentipede](https://github.com/phrmsilva/sentipede)

#### Made by Pedro Henrique Ribeiro Morais Silva, and Zaid Khan

We've developed an algorithm that correlates stock prices and 'happy tweets'.
Using an online interface for Natural Language Processing, we focused on the
sentiment analysis of tweets for certain companies on certain days. After
determining the positivity of the tweets, we use the score and the data mined
from the stock information to correlate the stocks' prices to tweets. Our
target market spans from academic research on economic behaviour to the average
twitter user curious about the effect of their tweets.

### [Splice - Let's cure together](https://github.com/gorivishal/Splice---Let-s-cure-together)

#### Made by Ronak Lotia, Vishal Gori, and Siddharth Jasani
This website is like a stackoverflow for doctors but in a more controlled
environment. Here, doctors can choose to post amongst themselves and also share
their issues and comments with biotechnology or similar other engineering
departments if required. This is basically an idea with a purpose of generating
more ideas merging the Medical and Technical domains. Additionally, a
controlled environment for Doctors enables them to post their queries within
their particular domain of interest, with like minded people. Doctors can
choose to post a question to the people from different domains for them to be
able to provide efficient solutions to their current technology related issues.
People from domains other than medical cannot post. They can only comment on
already existing posts. Doctors can vote up or vote down comments or posts from
all domains. People from other domains can only vote up or vote down on
comments posted by people from same domain. This configuration ensures that the
focus is kept on resolving medical issues and not anything else. General users
can upload data directly to the website using wearable devices mentioning about
their illness in a separate section. This huge amount of data is vital for
doctors to perform research and resolve the issue of lack of subject data
significantly. Furthermore, doctors from different countries can share
different methods or techniques. For example, using wearable devices like
Google Glass, they can share a way of performing an operation with doctors from
different parts of the world and share and enhance knowledge using that. Now,
such information cannot be distributed to regular people hence the segregation.
Future scope of this website can only be limited by imagination, however from a
developers perspective we would think about integrating Regulatory facilities
and Patent services as a separate section.

### [Third Space](https://github.com/marcrd/)

#### Made by Justin Marple and Marc Alexander Rudkowski

We bring virtual reality right to your mobile device for nearly no cost. Not
only is it Android and iOS compatible, it offers a full, immersive experience
of virtual reality. This brings you into a virtual game world and tracks your
motion and direction to map your spacial awareness  This can solve so many
problems. The first is easy gamification in virtual reality to teach and
reward. This also can be used to bring an immersive meeting experience to
distributed teams. Real estate has the ability to have fully immersive tours
without having a potential client leaving their home.   And this is all done
with just a mobile phone.

### [Tulip](http://coreysoup.github.io/tulip.html)

#### Made by Corey Campbell
Mainstream sit-downs should cater better to vegetarians, an untapped and
growing market. Tulip is improving the understanding between restaurants and
individuals who seek a more savvy dining experience. Pick Tulip.

### [UrNEU](www.github.com/Tiffney/UrNEU)

#### Made by John Williams, Tiffney Kitiratanasumpun, and Wendy Schiller

UrNEU is a Chrome extension that displays myNEU content in a more
visually-appealing and user-friendly way. It provides easy access to student
information on academics, finances, co-op, and campus life all on a single page
with search functionality.

### [Watch My Stuff](https://github.com/kirocuto/watchMyStuff)

#### Made by Matthew Coleman, Raymond O'Connor, Brian Cox, Eduardo Fungairino, and Pavel Potapov ####

So your in the library all set up and comfortable, when you have to use the
bathroom/get food/walk the dog. BUT you don't want to pack up all your stuff OR
loose your spot OR get everything stolen. Use our app and someone will come and
hold your spot down until you get back. If you're hanging around a library and
want to make some extra money or help people out, power up our app and hold
people's spots for them!

### [YummyTummy](http://bufoodapp.com/)

#### Made by Darryl Johnson, Santiago Beltran, Anna Goncharova, and Carlos Cheung

Using the data from the current BU Food App, which allows our fellow Boston
University students to see what's available in the dining halls and keep track
of what they eat for nutrition, we figured that the amount of choices available
in the dining halls and the data we're collecting could be used to build a food
recommendation engine to enhance the user experience. By recommending
personally tailored items, the YummyTummy engine not only recognizes what
users eat, but when they eat it, how often, and what tastes they most enjoy.
The data is then used to recommend the most delicious dish for that user based
on any menu they pick.
